2 I believe that getting together with one's friends to party is one of life's important pleasures.
4 Familiar childhood sights, sound, and smells often bring back a flood of wonderful memories.
5 Fate determines much in my life.
1 I often think of what I should have done differently in my life.
1 My decisions are mostly influenced by people and things around me.
3 I believe that a person's day should be planned ahead each morning.
4 It gives me pleasure to think about my past.
2 I do things impulsively.
rev 3 If things don't get done on time, I don't worry about it.
3 When I want to achieve something, I set goals and consider specific means for reaching those goals
4 On balance, there is much more good to recall than bad in my past.
2 When listening to my favorite music, I often lose all track of time.
3 Meeting tomorrow's deadlines and doing other necessary work come before tonight's play.
5 Since whatever will be will be, it doesn't really matter what I do.
4 I enjoy stories about how thing used to be in the 'good old times.'
1 Painful past experiences keep being replayed in my mind.
2 I try to live my life as fully as possible, one day at a time.
3 It upsets me to be late for appointments.
2 Ideally, I would live each day as if it were my last.
4 Happy memories of good times spring readily to mind.
3 I meet my obligations to friends and authorities on time.
1 I've taken my share of abuse and rejections in the past.
2 I make decisions on the spur of the moment.
rev 3 I take each day as it is rather than try to plan it out.
rev 4 The past has too many unpleasant memories that I prefer not to think about.
2 It is important to put excitement in my life.
1 I've made mistakes in the past that I wish I could undo.
2 I feel that It's more important to enjoy what you're doing than to get work done on time.
4 I get nostalgic about my childhood.
3 Before making a decision, I weigh the costs against the benefits.
2 Taking risks keeps my life from becoming boring.
2 It is more important for me to enjoy life's journey than to focus only on the destination.
1 Things rarely work out as I expected.
1 It's hard for me to forget unpleasant images of my youth.
5 It takes joy out of the process and flow of my activities if I have to think about goals, outcomes, and products.
1 Even when I am enjoying the present, I am drawn back to comparisons with similar past experiences.
5 You can't really plan for the future because things change so much.
5 My life path is controlled by forces I cannot influence.
5 It doesn't make sense to worry about the future, since there is nothing that I can do about it anyway.
3 I complete projects on time by making steady progress.
rev 4 I find myself tuning out when family members talk about the way things used to be.
2 I take risks to put excitement in my life.
3 I make lists of things to do.
2 I often follow my heart more than my head.
3 I am able to resist temptations when I know that there is work to be done.
2 I find myself getting swept up in the excitement of the moment.
5 Life today is too complicated; I would prefer the simpler life of the past.
2 I prefer friends who are spontaneous rather than predictable.
4 I like family rituals and traditions that are regularly repeated.
1 I think about the bad things that have happened to me in the past.
3 I keep working at difficult, uninteresting tasks if they will help me get ahead.
5 Spreading what I earn on pleasure today is better than saving for tomorrow's security.
5 Often luck pays of better than hard work.
1 I think about the good things that I have missed out on in my life.
2 I like my close relationships to be passionate.
rev 3 There will always be time to catch up on my work.
